# Ground-Yourself-In-Nature---The-Wellness-Collective
You’re walking barefoot on the beach. Feel the warmth of the sun against your skin. Listen to the rhythm of the crashing waves. Smell the ocean wind as it brushes through you. Now, notice your feet. Do you feel a tingly sensation as the warmth rises? Perhaps you’ve noticed a similar feeling while walking barefoot on grass. In those moments, you are grounded.  Gravity holds our bodies to the earth and grounds us with its negative magnetic electrical frequencies. By connecting our bare feet with the earth, our bodies are recharged with healing "earth energy." Being grounded can mean - being fully present in your body and/or feeling connected to the earth.  Spending time in nature provides numerous benefits that improve our wellness: Immune system support: Studies found that nature improves our heart rate, blood pressure, cholesterol levels, and sleeping habits. Breathing in fresh air also makes us stronger and helps us ward off diseases. Boosts productivity Mental health aid: Nature has a relaxing and calming effect on people, allowing us to recharge. Keep this in mind next time you want to relax or find some inspiration - your best option might just be to spend some time at your nearest park or garden. Helps you recover from illness Realign your spirituality, feel a sense of fullness, and experience more peace this weekend by grounding yourself in nature! To know more: https://www.thewellnesscollective.in/blogs/twc-editorial/ground-yourself-in-nature
